Updated Docs about starting out with Windows (#3072)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/installation/windows.md

  ./mesheryctl system start
  </div></div>
  </pre>

Type a 'yes' while being asked for whether to configure a file or not. Eventually choose your platform as Docker when asked to choose a platform to deploy Meshery. And get started with Meshery.

### 6. <a name="step6"> <b>Aftermath errors</b></a>

> While configuring your connection to Kubernetes, a common error faced is that you need to manually update your .kube config file to the platform, the kubernetes connection may still not be established. Follow the steps to make it right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery is unable to detect the Kubernetes connection running on your local system, even after manually uploading the `.kube config` file :
```

> In the powershell to view all the contexts Kubernetes has, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To display a list of the contexts in Kubernetes, run:
```

  <pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock"><div class="clipboardjs">
  kubectl config get-contexts
  </div></div>
  </pre>

> Change your current context to docker-desktop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change your current context to docker-desktop:
```

  <pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock"><div class="clipboardjs">
  kubectl config use-context docker-desktop
  </div></div>
  </pre>

> Restart the mesheryctl and the error should be fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart mesheryctl 

Stuck at another error? [Tell us about it](http://slack.layer5.io/)
```
